We would like you to implement it using HTML, CSS, and Javascript only (Please make sure not to use any JavaScript or CSS frameworks or libraries, such as React, Angular, Bootstrap, etc.). Please follow the best coding/optimization practices that you are familiar with as the same will be considered while evaluating the assignment. We would also like the implementation to be pixel-perfect (match the design exactly using tools like the PerfectPixel Chrome extension) as much as possible.


Functionality: Note: Follow the instructions mentioned in the figma Assets/Downloads: You can extract images from the Figma file. Follow the steps mentioned in the Figma document.

 Do’s:

 1. Implement All Sections: Ensure that all sections outlined in the design or requirements are fully implemented. 
2. Browser Compatibility: Ensure the page works seamlessly on Firefox, Chrome, and Safari browsers.
 3. Use DIVs: Utilize elements for structuring the layout instead of tables. 
4. Pixel Perfect Design: Match the design exactly using tools like the PerfectPixel Chrome extension. 
5. Follow Best Practices: Use clean, optimized, and maintainable code adhering to industry standards. 
6. HTML5 Tags: Make extensive use of modern, semantic HTML5 tags (e.g., , , , , ). 
7. Open Sans Font: Use the Open Sans font family from Google Fonts as specified.
8. Carousel Implementation:
8. Use Provided Assets: Integrate all assets, images, and icons exactly as specified in the mockups. 
9. Code Editor: Feel free to use any code editor of your choice for development

Don’ts:

 1. Avoid Tables: Do not use , , ,  for layout purposes. 
2. Avoid Non-Semantic Tags: Avoid  and 
 unless absolutely necessary. 
3. No UI Frameworks: Do not use UI frameworks like Bootstrap or Material UI. 
4. No JavaScript Frameworks: Avoid using JavaScript frameworks/libraries such as Angular or React.
5. Non-Pixel Perfect Design: Do not deviate from the provided design or mockup. 
6. Ignore Browser Testing: Do not neglect testing for cross-browser compatibility. 
7. Confidentiality of Figma Files: Do not share the Figma file with anyone else. Avoid adding comments directly on the Figma file;  
8. Limit Figma Usage to Image Exports: Only export images/icons from the Figma file.

 Do not directly use any other elements or code from Figma; all elements should be created on your own.

Suggested Approach and Task Prioritization: You can approach the assignment in the following order & try to complete as much as possible. 1. Create static HTML. 2. Implement the Modal (No JS/CSS library to be used). 3. Implement the working slider/carousel (Can use JS library). 4. Make it pixel-perfect and cross-browser. You can use this Chrome plug